Rewrite texts for the kong extension (#1)
steadybit/reliability-hub-db: extensions/com.github.steadybit.extension_kong/summary.mdx

# Introduction

> The Kong extension can inject faults into the Kong API gateway. Also, the extension automatically discovers Kong services & routes that can be targeted within Steadybit experiment attacks. Services and routes can be attacked individually or all at once!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kong extension can inject faults into the Kong API gateway. Also, the extension automatically discovers Kong services & routes that can be targeted within Steadybit experiments. Services and routes can be attacked individually or all at once!
```
